so today I'm gonna do one of the draw my
life videos where you talk about
yourself and color whoo I'm Haley I grew
up in Ohio with my mom and my dad and a
bunch of older siblings and my family
it's really loud and funny and
opinionated and being the youngest one I
learned that you have to fight to be
heard and contention so I became a
weirdo I was really anxious when I was
little and I'd have little panic attacks
about things that didn't matter like if
I didn't know how to spell something it
would drive me so crazy that I couldn't
think about anything else for days and I
left writing stories so me and my friend
would write stories together in second
grade and read them to the class and I
felt so validated and doing that that I
started relaxing a little bit then I
started taking classes for the weird
creative type kids that the other
teachers didn't know what to do with and
suddenly I got into improv in middle
school me and some of my friends who did
improv together I got a hold of my
friend's video camera and we would film
ourselves doing a ripoff of whose line
is it anyway
we called it one prop is all and we try
to be as funny as possible for an hour
just using a scarf or a broom and nobody
watched the videos but us but I loved
doing it more than anything then in high
school I became entirely too obsessed
with Harry Potter to the point that it
was basically my religion and I found
videos of people talking about the books
on a little website called YouTube I
wanted to do it too so I started playing
with the webcam in my parents living
room my parents and friends took notice
of the whole YouTube thing when I band
together with four other girls my age
she made videos about Harry Potter and
we started a channel called
fiveawesomegirls I posted a video on
there every Thursday John and Hank green
of the vlogbrothers found it and liked
it and suddenly I found myself a member
of this huge community and pretty soon
what I did in my bedroom and my spare
time became a really huge part of my
life I did cross country and the school
musicals in high school and I had a
handful of really close friends but I
always felt like I didn't belong there
and a lot of people thought I was weird
or annoying which I probably was but it
made me reject them too and I just
couldn't wait to get out of there I had
that lovely thing called depression
which was awesome and I don't think
it'll ever be 100% gone from my life but
it's mostly in the past so then I went
to a State College where I continued
making YouTube videos and I made a
handful of really close really good
friends and I started writing since I've
always wanted to write and I fell in
love for the first time in college
it was an abusive catastrophic disaster
and I spent a solid year of my life on
tumblr crying in the bathtub I had to
take a Gender Studies class at one point
just to fulfill a requirement and I went
into a kind of a closed mind since I
thought feminism was sort of crazy and
shockingly it completely changed my life
learning about these important issues
kind of served as therapy for me as I
recovered from that bad part of my own
life and I realized I had a knack for
writing and speaking about the subject
and I feel my absolute best and
strongest when I can educate other
people about it and I feel like I'm
maybe preventing someone from suffering
somewhere so that's cool I graduated
college a little bit early and now I'm
here 22 is a pretty scary age and
sometimes I still feel like that little
girl who's so consumed with anxiety that
she can't do anything and sometimes I
feel like everyone finds me weird and
annoying still and sometimes I go on
tumblr and cry in the bathtub but I
still have that wonderful fun supportive
family some of the best friends in the
universe and this beautiful community of
people on the internet who all want to
make the world a better or funnier or a
more inviting place and I'm excited for
what's next whatever that may be
you